1. To what does a relative path refer?
A relative path refers to a location that is relative to a current directory. Relative paths make use of two special symbols, a dot (.) and a double-dot (..), which translate into the current directory and the parent directory. Double dots are used for moving up in the hierarchy. A single dot represents the current directory itself.

2. What does an absolute path start with your operating system?
Absolute path names always begin with the slash (/) symbol. Traces the path from the current directory through its parent or its subdirectories and files. An absolute path name represents the complete name of a directory or file from the /(root) directory downward

3. What do the functions os.getcwd() and os.chdir() do?
getcwd() : CWD stands for Current Working Directory. This function allows you to see what your current working directory is. chdir("path-to-dir") : Short for CHange DIRectory, this function allows you to set the current working directory to a path of your choice.

4. What are the . and .. folders?
The . is the current directory, while .. signifies the parent directory. It makes things quicker at the command line as well so you don't need to type out full paths.

5. In C:\bacon\eggs\spam.txt, which part is the dir name, and which part is the base name?
C:\bacon\eggs is the dir name, while spam.txt is the base name.

6. What are the three “mode” arguments that can be passed to the open() function?
The string 'r' for read mode, 'w' for write mode, and 'a' for append mode

7. What happens if an existing file is opened in write mode?
An existing file opened in write mode is erased and completely overwritten.

8. How do you tell the difference between read() and readlines()?
The read() method returns the file's entire contents as a single string value. The readlines() method returns a list of strings, where each string is a line from the file's contents.

9. What data structure does a shelf value resemble?
A shelf value resembles a dictionary value; it has keys and values, along with keys() and values() methods that work similarly to the dictionary methods of the same names.
